Adding Policies deletion steps and other enhancements (#224)
epinio/docs: docs/howtos/aws_iam_integration.md

### Epinio Server Role

> Ensure Epinio has been deployed first. It will be needed later to use some annotations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure Epinio has been deployed first. Later you will assign a new AWS Service Account to an existing Epinio installation via `helm upgrade` command.
```

Author: looks better actually. Done in cad00d1d23b696b44f5a966722ae9193a4ada840

    --set server.stagingServiceAccountName=epinio-staging-service-account \
    --wait
```

> Once finished, to remove everyhing remember to remove Epinio, delete service account, detach and delete policies:

Reviewer: typo in `everything`

Author: thanks. fixed in:  2282f595723662907c4cdfe934fd0b367fc57370
